Wedding Website Text

Saturday, June 30: Wedding Day Schedule of Events: 
3:00 p.m.: Wedding Ceremony at Missoula Children’s Theater
4:00 - 7:00 p.m.: Reception at Missoula Children’s Theater Lobby. Heavy appetizers, beer/wine, and a sweet treat will be served. 
Take a break for dinner at any of Missoula’s lovely downtown dinner establishments & to change into your karaoke clothes or dancing shoes … 
9:00 p.m. - ??: Join Dan & Robin for a night out on the town - karaoke at VFW Hall? Dancing the night away at Union Hall?


We hope this advance notice means you are still able to share our big day and will enjoy having the evening off!

We also recognize that many of our out-of-state guests are hoping for the opportunity to enjoy Montana’s beauty with their children. Therefore, we would like to connect you with babysitters in Missoula for the evening of the wedding. If you are interested in babysitting services, please call or email us at turnerandbowling@gmail.com. There will also be a space to request assistance with finding a babysitter in the RSVP field (LINK).

Things to do in Western Montana? 
So many things to do! Summer is a lovely time to visit Montana. If you’d like a list of things to do, please let us know!

We are 2.5 hours from the west entrance of Glacier National Park. This is not to be missed. GNP has become very popular in recent years, so we recommend making reservations nearby soon. LINK.  



Flower Girls
Isa Perez Kirscher
Logan Van Zante






Links to hotel blocks: 

1. Hilton Garden Inn: .

2. Holiday Inn: 








Saturday, June 30: Wedding Day Schedule of Events: 
3:00 p.m.: Wedding Ceremony at Missoula Children’s Theater
4:00 - 7:00 p.m.: Reception at Missoula Children’s Theater Lobby. Heavy appetizers, beer/wine, and a sweet treat will be served. 
Take a break for dinner at any of Missoula’s lovely downtown dinner establishments & to change into your karaoke clothes or dancing shoes … 
9:00 p.m. - ??: Join Dan & Robin for a night out on the town in downtown Missoula. 

Someplace prominent: 
Kids: Due to space restrictions and in order to allow all guests, including parents, an evening of relaxation we have chosen for our wedding day to be an adult-only occasion. We hope this advance notice means you are still able to share our big day and will enjoy having the evening off!

We also recognize that many of our out-of-state guests are hoping for the opportunity to enjoy Montana’s beauty with their entire families. Therefore, we would like to connect you with babysitters in Missoula for June 30. If you are interested in a connection to child care, please call Robin or Dan or email us at turnerandbowling@gmail.com.

Registry: 

The best present you could possibly give us is you
attending of our marriage. However, if you’d like to honor
us we’ve picked out a few choices, activities, and charities
that meet your interests.

Montana Racial Equity Project: 

EmpowerMT: 

Missoula Children's Theater: 


What to see and where to go in Missoula
Some of our favorite things in Missoula: www.destinationmissoula.org. 

Activities: 
Clark Fork River Trail 
Missoula Carousel and Dragon's Hollow (downtown) 
Missoula Children's Museum (Westside) 
Blue Mountain Recreation Area
Pattee Canyon Recreation Area
Rattlesnake Recreation Area
Garnet Ghost Town (45 minutes away) 
Hike the "M" 
Missoula Art Museum 
Glacier National Park is only 2.5 hours away!
Flathead Lake is only 70 miles away! 

Restaurants:
Biga Pizza (downtown)
Top Hat (downtown) 
Scotty's Table (downtown)
The Old Post (downtown) 
Catalyst Cafe (downtown) 
Caffe Dolce (central Missoula) 
Burns Street Bistro (westside) 
Bridge Pizza (Hip Strip) 
Hob Nob Cafe (Hip Strip) 

Coffee
Le Petit Outre (Hip Strip) 
Berniece's Bakery (Hip Strip) - we had our first date and got engaged there!
Drum Coffee (Central Missoula) 

Drinks: 
Coffee Dolce (Central Missoula) 
Kettlehouse Brewery (Hip Strip and Northside) 
Flipper's (Hip Strip) 




python -m SimpleHTTPServer 8000